add provider family name suffix option (#2274)
rrousselGit/riverpod: packages/riverpod_generator/README.md

          # Could be changed to "Pod", such that riverpod_generator
          # would generate "countPod" instead of "countProvider"
          provider_name_suffix: "Provider" # (default)

>           # Could be changed to "ProviderFamily", such that riverpod_generator
>           # would generate "countProviderFamily" instead of "countProvider"
>           # This option only affects the Family Provider
>           # and takes precedence over provider_name_suffix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          # Similar to provider_name_sufix, this is an option for renaming
          # providers with parameters ("families").
          # This takes precedence over provider_name_suffix.
```
